This event is still tentative and depends on the number of runners that love to push their limits and are physically fit enough . A relay - run may be considered if enough people are interested .
• A 128km solo run from Ho_Chi_Minh_City to Ba_Ria – Vung_Tau ; to be done in one day time .
This is for runners that have been training seriously for a long time , know their limits and love to push that limit
BACKGROUND_AND_MORE_INFO
Too many people in Ho_Chi_Minh_City use their motorbike to drive just 100 meters and haven ’ t cycled even a single meter for many years . There was a time that this was different … . .
When I first visited beautiful Vietnam in 1992 , Ho_Chi_Minh_City was a lot greener , there were hardly any cars , far less motorbikes and most people enjoyed riding their bikes . 1992 was also the first time I visited Vung_Tau .
This year I will be 20 years in Vietnam . I’ ve seen great improvements over the years . One of the biggest improvements has nothing to do with actual development but deals with health awareness improvements , especially over the last 4 years . Finally more people ( re ) discover that physical exercise is fun and healthy .
Over the last 4 years more people started to cycle , quality bicycle shops enter the city and people , young and old , enjoy running . There are various groups like runclub . vn , SRC and Vietrunners that organize weekly events in their own style and have an increasing number of members ( and member of one club enjoy and are welcomes by other clubs as they all ) .
Everybody can be a runner and people can push their limits if they focus . Focus in sports helps to focus in daily life . Some of the member of runclub . vn were not able to run 2.5km 1.5 years ago but some of them have now completed their first half marathon , their first full trail marathon ( thanks Vietrunners ! ) and are preparing for the Danang_Full_Marathon ( thank pulse ! ) and the Sapa 70km mountain marathon .
In_February 2016 I will turn 45 years young . A person is never too old to do some crazy stuff so it is time to push that button a bit harder . This is not a 1 , 2 or 3 days run but a ONE_DAY run . At this moment there is no official organization supporting the run but if we have enough people interest to join , we hope to turn this into a formal event , supported by sponsors and event development companies , the media and also use this to raise funds for charities and create awareness of the run sport in Vietnam .
The first people asked to join this event first got big eyes but … … … . have indicated that they are IN if the event goes ahead .
Please indicate via JOIN or MAYBE if you would be interested and leave a comment , if any .
