About Your Trip
See what being a DreamTrips Member is all about on this Welcome DreamTrip! Journey through Ben Luc and take a boat down the Mekong River to Vam Xep canal. Experience a day in the life of a local villager and join in on traditional festivities. There will also be optional training available to help you get the most out of your membership!

Ho Chi Minh City, also known as Saigon, is a southern Vietnam metropolis surrounded by mountains, dense jungle and ancient temples. The Mekong Delta’s maze of canals and islands are home to floating markets, rice paddies and isolated village communities. 


What's Included

4 days and 3 nights at Hotel Pullman Saigon Centre, 148 Tran Hung Dao Boulevard, District 1, 70000 Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
Featuring superior accommodations with king or twin beds and complimentary Wi-Fi.
3 breakfasts, 1 lunch, 2 dinners.
Full-day Mekong Delta excursion.
Welcome gift upon check-in.
An In-destination Support Specialist will be provided when 20 or more adults book this trip. Their goal is to ensure you have a great DreamTrips experience from landing to liftoff. They host a welcome reception on arrival day, attend scheduled activities throughout the trip, notify the group of itinerary updates and more.
Your trip includes 2 airport transfers:
January 6 at 10 a.m., 1 p.m., 4 p.m. or 6 p.m.: From Tan Son Nhat International Airport to hotel.
January 9 at 6 a.m., 9 a.m., noon or 3 p.m.: From hotel to Tan Son Nhat International Airport.
To take advantage of round-trip airport transfers, you must provide your flight information to the DreamTrips Specialist no later than December 19. These transfers are available only for the airport(s) and dates listed above. Click here to give us your flight information. Transfers will not be offered if the flight information is not received by the deadline and transfers at any other time will incur a separate charge. Do not email flight information to the DreamTrips Specialist.
Air transportation is not included. The closest commercial airport is Tan Son Nhat International Airport (SGN).
For any questions regarding this trip, contact the DreamTrips Specialist at DreamTrips@rovia.com.

Check-in: 2 p.m. Check-out: noon.


Hotel Details

The Pullman Saigon Centre is positioned in the bustling middle of Ho Chi Minh City and is one of the region’s most popular five-star hotels. 

Its panoramic views and proximity to important tourist attractions make it an ideal DreamTrips destination. It features a state-of-the-art fitness center, spa, swimming pool, multiple restaurants and the highest rooftop bar in Saigon.

Enjoy your visit to Ho Chi Minh City to the fullest with your stay at Pullman Saigon Centre.

Hotel Pullman Saigon Centre
148 Tran Hung Dao Boulevard, District 1
70000 Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam