English below><

LÀM THẾ NÀO ĐỂ CÓ MỘT CÁI ĐẦM TUTU CHO CON GÁI  CHỈ TRONG 2 GIỜ? 

Ngày mở lớp: Thứ bảy, 29 tháng 11 2015
Thời gian: 9:00 am - 11:00 am
Địa điểm:Uprising Saigon, 420/6 Lê Văn Sỹ, phuong 14, Quan  3

Hãy đến với workshop của chúng tối thứ bảy tuần này (29/11) để cùng nhau  làm váy cho con gái yêu đi dự tiệc Giáng Sinh và Năm mới nhé.

Với giá vé giá vé: 300,000 vnd, bạn sẽ dc hổ trợ toàn bộ nguyên phụ liệu cần thiết để thực hiện mẫu.
<< Vui lòng inbox địa chỉ của bạn để chúng tôi giao vé tận nơi nhé>>

Đừng bỏ lỡ cơ hội này nhé,  vì workshop của chúng tôi mở ra không chỉ để cho các bạn học hỏi, mà chúng tôi còn mong muốn mang lại sân chơi bổ ích cho tất cả mọi người, là nơi để cho cộng đồng "mẹ và bé"  kết bạn, trò chuyện, chia sẽ kinh nghiệm nuôi dạy con cùng nhau.

Đến nhé!

Thân.

-------------------------------------------

HOW TO MAKE A TUTU DRESS WITHIN 2 HOURS FOR YOUR BELOVED BABY GIRL?

Workshop schedule: Saturday,  29st Nov 2014
Duration: 2 hours (from 3pm - 5pm)
Location: Uprising Saigon, 420/6 Le Van Sy, Ward 14, Dist 3
Ticket fee: 300,000 vnd 
<<Pls inbox your address so that we deliver ticket to door for you>>
Number of attendance: 10

Description:

This workshop is about instructing you to make a simple dress by hand for your baby girl by very simple materials that you can find easily in your nearby market.  Just only few basic steps, you can creative a fantastic dress for your baby girl. 

Why should you join to this workshop?

-	We do not only instruct you to make a dress, but we also want to creative a “mommy community” so that people can learn and share hobbies and experience each other.

-	Our well experience instructor who works in fashion and garment industry will company you during the workshop, so you can save your cost by making wrong if you make alone

-	We support materials that are much cheaper than buying in market yourself

Let’s come to have some fun and some new experience with us.Nothing special than making a dress for your baby girl by yourself.