SEO-Vietnam is proud to be the most prestigious career program which has connected more than 260 bright-minded students with 27 companies across 6 different industries in Vietnam.

Sponsor for Educational Opportunity Vietnam (SEO-Vietnam) is proud to be one of the most highly regarded career programs in Vietnam which has successfully connected 260+ bright-minded students to around 30 leading businesses and non-profit organizations in Vietnam such as PwC, EY, Everest Education, Vinacapital. 

Great news for our interested undergrads and grads in Vietnam: This summer will be even louder as SEO-Vietnam will be back with Summer Career Program 2016 in both Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City!

In preparation for our flagship Summer Career Program 2016, SEO-Vietnam will be hosting another Hanoi Information Session to share our experience on resume writing, interview tips and the overall application process. Please find details below:

Date: 26th December 2015
Time: 1:00PM – 5:00PM 
Location: Room NZ204, Lotus University Campus 1 - No 08 Nguyen Van Trang St, Ben Thanh Ward, District 1, Ho Chi Minh City.

Application for the program will be open on our website http://apply.seo-vietnam.org/ from 15th December 2015 to 15h January 2016. For question or inquiry, please contact recruitment@seo-vietnam.org

-----

More about SEO-Vietnam: 

Sponsors for Educational Opportunity Vietnam (SEO-Vietnam) is the most prestigious and competitive career program in Vietnam. Our Summer Program runs for 8 to 10 weeks, from June through August.

Past employers and partners with SEO-Vietnam include, but are not limited to:
EY
PwC 
Everest Education
Horizon Capital Group
Vinacapital
Vinamilk 
Kinh Do Corporation 
Yola Institute
LIN Center for Community Development
Thien Minh Group
Vietnam Investments Group

Our program offers not only internship placements but also rigorous training courses, speaker series and mentorship from industry experts. Participants will also enjoy valuable networking opportunities with CEOs and executives from our partner firms. Furthermore, students will actively engage in community services through various community engagement initiatives at local organizations and social enterprises.

Some of the guest speakers for 2015 summer program’s speaker series include:
Mr. Tony Ngo, Chairman, SEO-Vietnam
Mr. David Do, Managing Director, Vietnam Investments Group
Mr. Kelly Wong, CFO, Kinh Do Corporation
Ms. Hang Do, CEO, iVIVU
Mr. Alan Jiang, International Launcher, Uber