Are you ready lovely dancers from Saigon and beyond for another Salsateka party ? !
We hope so ... as this time we ’ re gonna bring you the craziest , the sexiest and the hottest night in town ! ! !
It ' s time for FIESTA_DE_PIJAMA ! ! !
A chance for you to get ultra casual !
The best party with best dancers of Saigon , best performances and all of this under one roof .
Door open at 8pm .
Don ’ t be late as we gonna start promptly on time with ‘ Shines ’ Master class run by the amazing SANDY from XSalsa ! Classes will finish with a dance battle between guys and girls so pay attention and study hard every move
After the classes we ' re gonna get the party started !
This time our very own Marta from Salsateka UK will warm you up and get you into shape before the night ! !
Our resident DJ is none other than the famous Spanish_Chico , Alberto_Prieto ! ! He will make sure you all have a fantastic time dancing your socks off ! Playing all the hottest tunes from salsa , bachata , kizomba , reggeaton , semba and more …
To make the night even better for you ... we have another of Saigons original DJ ' s , DJ Chuong_Luong will be joining us to rip the roof off !
To turn the heat even more up we have a great show coming up ... XSalsa Ladies_Team will perform a cheeky show especially for you !
Our “ TAXI_DANCERS " will be on hand all night long to make your feet go BOOM !
Professional photographer , amazing drinks offers , and many other surprises !
Don ’ t forget to dress to impress ! ( if you want a discount on the door you gonna have to be in Pyjamas ! ! ! )
Pull on your sexiest or most comfortable pyjamas and join us for this awesome night and maybe even a pillow fight !
As always there will be a surprise for the best outfit ! ! !
See you all on the dance floor !
* FEES*
150.000 vnd on the door with Sandy ’ s Shine_Masterclass and 2 drinks included ! ! ( Plus a cocktail for the first 20 ! ! ! )
Get 10% discount on the door if The salsa tooth fairy William approves your Pyjama costume ( maximum effort needed here - dress to impress or pay full price )
' Check in ' on FB at Salsateka UK in Vietnam on the night for a chance to win free Party pass for our next event in December !
Limited free motorbike parking so get here early to get yours !
