About Your Trip
Formerly named Saigon, Vietnam’s Ho Chi Minh City offers visitors a lot to explore, from its French colonial architecture and religious pagodas to bustling markets and modern museums.

Your full-day guided tour of the Mekong Delta will include a trip down the Tien River with stops at fishing villages and the islands of Dragon, Unicorn, Tortoise and Phoenix. Other highlights include a trek through coconut plantations and a rowboat to Thoi Son Island, where, while refreshing yourself with tropical fruit and honey tea, you’ll enjoy a live performance of Don Ca Tai Tu, the traditional folk music of southern Vietnam. 


What's Included

4 days and 3 nights at Le Méridien Saigon, 3C Ton Duc Thang Street, District 1 Ho, Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
Featuring guest room accommodations with 1 king bed or 2 double beds and complimentary Wi-Fi.
3 breakfasts, 1 lunch and 2 dinners.
Full-day Mekong Delta tour.
Cruise along Tien River.
Rowing boat excursion to Thoi Son Island.
An In-destination Support Specialist will be provided when 20 or more adults book this trip. Their goal is to ensure you have a great DreamTrips experience from landing to liftoff. They host a welcome reception on arrival day, attend scheduled activities throughout the trip, notify the group of itinerary updates and more.
Your trip includes 2 airport transfers:
January 8, from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.: From Tan Son Nhat International Airport to the hotel.
January 11, from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.: From the hotel to Tan Son Nhat International Airport.
To take advantage of round-trip airport transfers, you must provide your flight information to the DreamTrips Specialist no later than December 24. These transfers are available only for the airport(s) and dates listed above. Click here to give us your flight information. Transfers will not be offered if the flight information is not received by the deadline and transfers at any other time will incur a separate charge. Do not email flight information to the DreamTrips Specialist.
Air transportation is not included. The closest commercial airport is Tan Son Nhat International Airport (SGN).

For any questions regarding this trip, contact the DreamTrips Specialist at DreamTrips@rovia.com.

Check-in: 3 p.m. Check-out: noon.


Hotel Details

With its downtown location right along the Saigon River, Le Méridien Saigon makes a scenic and convenient home base for your visit to Ho Chi Minh City.

Guests can relax in comfort and enjoy city or river views from their rooms, or venture to Explore Spa, the 24-hour fitness center, or the infinity-edge indoor pool to swim laps within view of the Saigon River! For dining, the hotel offers the French-influenced Art Cacao for pastries, Latest Recipe for modern international and classic Vietnamese dishes, and healthy spa fare at Explore Bistro & Spa Café, along with evening cocktails at Latitude. 

Boasting dedicated, attentive service and a location close to shopping, dining, local attractions and entertainment, Le Méridien Saigon is sure to impress.

Le Méridien Saigon 
3C Ton Duc Thang Street 
District 1, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam